hello friends I hope you are very well today I come with the second part of the
subliminal messages in this video I'm going to show you the subliminal messages
from Disney
we go with the first image here we have the first image is of being in it치
at a wedding but I think they have no idea the good subliminal message I show you
he got his dick arre crazy xddd
the following images of the 101 Dalmatians that shows us the following
subliminal messages
I think it's an eye
that is in the word walt disney classic here the collar of a dog that
we can see that it is written
bitch in herat that in Spanish means
bitch in heat
in this image we see in a window a woman who seems to be naked who is
back of the dog
to a spot that has the logo play boy
what is in the dog
Here is an image of the film of the seremi cta that seems to be a castle
good
if we look closely we can see a subliminal message they did not find it
it was pointed out
we can see a dick in the castle xd in this re and lion movie
we have an image when in the sky we can see some words in the sky
written
that if we look closely they form this
we see in the sky ex writings in this image
we see the araz칩n cabez칩n etc that has a very difficult subliminal message
if they still did not find it, it was pointed out
in his head where he has his hair we see that it is written sex
in this aladdin image we can see a simple image but they are sure
if you look closely we can see a very difficult subliminal message
to show
let's finish
again the word sex in these two images we can see two images
different
but with the same movement
which is a dog's environment the face of a child the name of the
movies not the venue but they are disney
here we can see the same thing as in the previous image but here we see two
champions that are from different movies one of the monster in corpore
yty other from the movie bugs
back with the images that have the same movement but different
image that would be the characters
in this movie of mice behind the two mice
we can see very well in the window a naked woman in this movie
of the seremi cta if we observe well we can see below in the circle
designated to golf and
who snuck into the series movie issue
but what icv
see that we are with the theme of being in it치 in this good subliminal image
I think you already found the subliminal message
we can see how that ugly saying forms a dick xd
in this picture of a disney movie we can see when that woman
jumps but you see the whore who has this is a picture with a message
very complicated subliminal but they found it
it was better pointed
here we can see what in the hairs of the movie in Reygadas we can see the
word sex
now with the last subliminal image
we can see a simple image of mickey mouse
but they are sure that he has no subliminal message
Here we can see how mini and have a cock in your case
that would be your case
good friends that was it and everything but this video will have a third part
what will be the messages in advertising
do not forget to subscribe
comment and rate see you in my next video and good luck
how tired am I heard producer bring me a donate
producer
we do not have a producer we're just crazy
ok then bring me had an area
sr we do not have thugs